---
title: '4'
author: Malcolm Jardine
imageUrlA: /img/jarjardanks.jpg
imageUrlB: /img/jarjardanks-2.jpeg
---
Counting cards and playing poker, those were my first real experiences with games, my uncle and grandmother taught me how to play all sorts of card games when I was little. My love of computers came from my parents who introduced me to PCs and gaming when I was just 5 years old. My interest in strategies for games of varying genres just continued as I grew up playing all sorts of games from RPG dungeon crawlers to FPS games. I’ve always had a knack for picking up the efficient ways to play games and then expanding on it. When I play a game I see a process to excel at it as a puzzle and the goal is to either rush to the answer or find the longest winding path to enjoy lesser known interactions. 

I love the learning process when trying to figure out a game, the ones that have kept my interest the most are tactics games since they can change the outcome so drastically with a single different move. Games like Final Fantasy Tactics, Darkest Dungeon, and the whole AutoChess genre(Dota AutoChess/TFT) always have me coming back for another look and are some of my favourite games. Give me a card game and I’ll sink tonnes of hours into finding ways to play long drawn out games that make the opponent think they can’t make a useful play. Stick me on league of legends and I’ll find the off-meta pick that infuriates the enemy.

If there is a game that peaks my interest I’m more than happy to grind it out and its even better if my friends are playing with me because playing games alone is fine but gaming with your family is what makes it special. I may drive them nuts with my otherworldly RNG sometimes but I hope they have as much fun as I do while goofing off online. :Þ

I’m a regular on the podcast and I stream on Wednesday evenings along with other members of Inverted or on my own. If you want to see strategy gameplay or some fun co-op/group gameplay come on by.
